Update the python API docs site for the new APIs (#3565)
rerun-io/rerun: rerun_py/docs/package/index.md

# Full Package

- [rerun][]: Top-level User-facing APIs. See also: [Common APIs](../common/)

>     - [rerun.archetypes][]: Common objects for logging primitives understood by the viewer, e.g. Points and Lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [rerun.archetypes][]: Common objects for logging tagged data understood by the viewer, e.g. Points and Lines.
```

maybe better? I'm getting more and more uneasy around "primitives". Putting `tagged` here might be too much though (also we never call the indicators 'tagged'), but maybe something like this
